Add documentation for the new API (#231)
cloudnc/ngx-sub-form: README.md

![ngx-sub-form logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4950209/53812385-45f48900-3f53-11e9-8687-b57cd335f26e.png)

Utility library to improve the robustness of your Angular forms.

Whether you have simple and tiny forms or huge and complex ones, `ngx-sub-form` will help you build a solid base for them.

- 🗜️ Tiny bundle  
  _(currently ~30kb as we support both the old api and the new one but soon to be ~15kb!)_
- ✅ Simple API: No angular module to setup, no `ControlValueAccessor` by hand, no inheritance, no boilerplate. Only one function to create all your forms!
- 🤖 Adds type safety to your forms
- ✂️ Lets you break down huge forms into smaller ones for simplicity and reusability

_Please note one thing: If your goal is to generate forms dynamically (based on some JSON configuration for example) `ngx-sub-form` is **not** here for that!_

> # Table of content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Table of contents
```

| ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| <= `7`                 | <= `2.7.1`             |
| `8.x`                  | `4.x`                  |
| `9.x`, `10.x`          | `5.1.2`                |
| `11.x`, `12.x`, `13.x` | `6.0.0`                |

The major bump from version `5.1.2` to `6.0.0` doesn't bring any changes to the public API of `ngx-sub-form`.  
It's only a major bump for Angular 11 support and you should be able to upgrade without having to update any of your forms.

That said, the version `6.0.0` also brings some exciting news!  
We sneaked into that release a [complete rewrite of ngx-sub-form to get rid of inheritance](https://github.com/cloudnc/ngx-sub-form/issues/171) 🎉. The best part being: **It's been done in a non breaking way to guarantee a smooth upgrade, which can be done incrementally, one form at a time, from the old API to the new one**.

The old API has been marked as deprecated and will be removed in a few months as part of a major version bump, to give you time to upgrade.

# Migration guide to the new API

If your project is not using `ngx-sub-form` yet, feel free to skip this migration guide.  

> On the other hand, **if your project is using `ngx-sub-form` with the inheritance API please expand and read the following**.

Reviewer: there is no expand?

Author: Fixed

The simplest thing to understand the new syntax is probably to have a look on the [basic API usage](#basic-api-usage) example which covers most of the cases. But let's describe a step by step approach how to update your forms:

- `createForm` is the new function to create both your root and sub forms. It's very similar in terms of configuration to all the attributes and methods that you needed to implement after extending from `NgxRootFormComponent` or `NgxSubFormComponent`
- The first parameter that you should be providing in the configuration object of `createForm` is `formType` which can be either `FormType.ROOT` or `FormType.SUB`
- Then, you can provide the following ones for a sub form:

  - `formControls`
  - `emitNullOnDestroy` _(optional)_
  - `formGroupOptions` _(optional)_
  - `toFormGroup` _(optional: If you have only 1 interface, required if you passed a second type to define a remap)_
  - `fromFormGroup` _(optional: If you have only 1 interface, required if you passed a second type to define a remap)_

> - And for a root form you can **additionally** provide the following ones:

Reviewer: some of these are required, so best to not say "can" as that means optional.

```suggestion
- And for a root form you **additionally** provide the following bindings:
```

| `output$`               | `Subject<ControlInterface>`                                                 | Required             | ✅        | ❌       | A root form is a component in between the parent passing raw data and the form itself. This property is an observable that you must provide which will be used behind the scenes to broadcast the form value to the parent when it changes                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `manualSave$`           | `Observable<void>`                                                          | Optional             | ✅        | ❌       | By default a root form will automatically broadcast all the form updates (through the `output$`) as soon as there's a change. If you wish to "save" the form only when you click on a save button for example, you can create a subject on your side and pass it here. Whenever you call `next` on your subject, assuming the form is valid, it'll broadcast te form value to the parent (through the `output$`) |

> | `outputFilterPredicate` | `(currentInputValue: FormInterface, outputValue: FormInterface) => boolean` | Optional             | ✅        | ❌       | The default behaviour is to compare the current transformed value of `input$` with the current value of the form _(deep check)_, and if these are equals, the value won't be passed to `output$` in order to prevent the broadcasting                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `outputFilterPredicate` | `(currentInputValue: FormInterface, outputValue: FormInterface) => boolean` | Optional             | ✅        | ❌       | The default behaviour is to compare the current transformed value of `input$` with the current value of the form _(deep check)_, and if these are equal, the value won't be passed to `output$` in order to prevent the broadcast                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| `handleEmissionRate`    | `(obs$: Observable<FormInterface>) => Observable<FormInterface>`            | Optional             | ✅        | ❌       | If you want to control how frequently the form emits on the `output$`, you can customise the emission rate with this. Example: `handleEmissionRate: formValue$ => formValue$.pipe(debounceTime(300))`                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

# Principles

As simple as forms can look when they only have a few fields, their complexity can increase quite quickly. In order to keep your code as simple as possible and isolate the different concepts, **we do recommend to write forms in complete isolation from the rest of your app**.

> In order to do so, you can create some top level forms that we call "**root forms**". As one form can become bigger and bigger over time, we also help by letting you create "**sub forms**" _(without the pain of dealing manually with a [ControlValueAccessor](https://angular.io/api/forms/ControlValueAccessor)!)_. Lets dig into their specificities, how they differ and how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to do so, you can create some top level forms that we call "**root forms**". As one form can become bigger and bigger over time, we also help by letting you create "**sub forms**" _(without the pain of dealing manually with a [ControlValueAccessor](https://angular.io/api/forms/ControlValueAccessor)!)_. Let's dig into their specifics, how they differ and how to use them.
```
